export const metadata = {
  title: "Privacy Policy • SessionFoundry",
  description: "How SessionFoundry handles and protects your data.",
};

export default function PrivacyPage() {
  return (
    <div className="mx-auto max-w-3xl">
      <header className="mb-6">
        <h1 className="text-xl font-semibold">Privacy Policy</h1>
        <p className="mt-1 text-sm text-[var(--muted)]">
          Our commitment to your privacy, in clear and simple terms.
        </p>
      </header>

      {/*
        Paste your Privacy Policy text below, inside the <div>.
        Start with your latest effective date and sections.
        I will then convert it to structured headings/lists for readability.
      */}
      <article
        className="prose-sm leading-6 text-[var(--muted)] whitespace-pre-wrap"
        style={{
          // keep overall tone subtle; headings will still be readable
          // (no Tailwind typography plugin is in use, so we keep it light)
        }}
      >1. Who we are
SessionFoundry (“we”, “us”, “our”) is a web app for planning and running workshops, collecting input from participants, voting on ideas, and exporting results.
Data controller:
SessionFoundry 
Contact: reachoutthueme@gmail.com
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the “data controller” is the party that decides why and how personal data is processed. We act as controller for facilitator accounts and participant data in sessions you run.
2. What data we collect
We collect only what we need to run the service.
2.1 Facilitator account data
When you create an account or sign in as a facilitator, we collect:
•	Email address
•	Password (stored as a secure hash through our authentication provider, not in plain text)
•	Plan / subscription status (e.g. “free”, “pro”)
•	Basic app activity like “which sessions you created”
Why we need it: to let you sign in, manage workshops, access exports, and enforce plan limits.
2.2 Workshop/session data
When you create a session:
•	Session name, description and metadata
•	Activities you configure (e.g. brainstorm prompts, stocktake prompts, timing, voting rules)
•	Internal tags/labels you add
•	Whether voting is enabled, budget, max submissions, etc.
Why we need it: to actually run your workshop experience and show you results.
2.3 Participant data
When someone joins a session as a participant:
•	Display name they enter (this could be a real name, a nickname, or a group name - it's up to what they type)
•	Which group/team they joined
•	Their submissions (ideas, comments, suggestions)
•	Their votes in voting activities
Why we need it:
•	to show input live to the facilitator and (in some cases) to other participants
•	to calculate scores, consensus and results
•	to let the facilitator export a summary after the workshop
Note: “participant display name + their submission” can be personal data under GDPR if it can be linked back to an identifiable person. Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (GDPR Article 4(1)). We treat it as personal data.
2.4 Usage and technical data
When you use the app, we (or our hosting providers) may automatically receive:
•	IP address
•	Browser/device info
•	Timestamps, basic request logs, error logs
Why we need it:
•	to keep the service reliable and secure
•	to debug performance issues
•	to prevent abuse/fraud
We currently do not run advertising trackers or behavioral ad pixels.
2.5 Cookies / local storage
We use:
•	An authentication/session cookie so that when you refresh the page you remain signed in
•	Local storage flags (for example, remembering if you collapsed the sidebar, and in some flows a “logged_out” marker so we don’t auto-log you back in when you’ve explicitly chosen to sign out)
We do not use third-party advertising cookies.
3. Why we process your data (legal bases)
Under GDPR we must tell you the “legal basis” for processing your data.
We process personal data because:
1.	We need to perform a contract with you
o	Example: creating and maintaining your facilitator account, letting you run workshops.
This is allowed under GDPR when processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject (GDPR Article 6(1)(b)).
2.	We have a legitimate interest in running and improving a secure service
o	Example: preventing spam/joke sessions, limiting abuse, debugging crashes, enforcing rate limits, keeping audit trails to investigate misuse.
Controllers can rely on “legitimate interests” where those interests are not overridden by the rights and freedoms of the data subject (GDPR Article 6(1)(f)).
3.	We need to comply with legal obligations
o	Example: retaining minimal records of access or activity if required to respond to lawful requests, fraud investigations, or data subject rights requests.
This is allowed under GDPR Article 6(1)(c) (legal obligation).
We do not currently do automated decision-making that has legal or similarly significant effects, and we do not do marketing profiling.
4. How we use (and share) data
We use your data to:
•	authenticate you
•	show you your sessions and activities
•	let participants submit ideas and votes in real time
•	calculate and display results, leaderboards, consensus, averages, etc.
•	generate exports (e.g. a summary / report / deck) for the facilitator
We share data with:
•	Our hosting providers:
o	Vercel (app hosting / deployment)
o	Supabase (database, auth, storage)
That means personal data you enter (email, submissions, etc.) is stored and processed on those providers’ infrastructure.
•	Other participants in the same session:
Depending on settings, participants may see each other’s submissions, votes, names, or scores. That’s part of how collaborative workshops work.
We do not sell personal data to advertisers.
International transfers:
Hosting providers may process data in the EU or outside the EEA. If personal data is transferred to a country outside the EEA, GDPR requires appropriate safeguards (for example, standard contractual clauses) to protect that data (GDPR Article 46).
5. How long we keep data
We keep:
•	facilitator account data for as long as your account is active
•	session content (activities, submissions, votes) so you can revisit and export outcomes
•	basic access logs and diagnostic logs for security and abuse prevention
We may delete or anonymize workshop data after a period of inactivity, or if you ask us to delete it (see “Your rights” below). If we are legally required to keep certain minimal records (e.g. to show when a request was made, or to enforce a “do not contact” rule), we may keep that limited record even after deletion of the main content. Under GDPR, the right to erasure is not absolute and can be refused in some cases where retention is still legally required or needed for legal claims.
6. Your rights under GDPR
If you are in the EU/EEA (or similar regimes that mirror GDPR), you have rights over your personal data. In plain language:
1.	Right of access.
You can ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you, plus details like why we’re processing it, who receives it, and how long we plan to store it. This is GDPR Article 15. 
We have to respond without undue delay and generally within one month. 
In some cases we may need to ask you to prove you are you, to protect everyone’s data.
2.	Right to rectification.
You can ask us to correct inaccurate personal data (GDPR Article 16).
3.	Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”).
You can ask us to delete your personal data when it’s no longer needed, you withdraw consent (if consent was the basis), or you object and there’s no overriding reason to keep processing. This is GDPR Article 17. 
This right is not absolute; for example, we may keep minimal records if we’re required to for legal reasons or to prevent abuse.
4.	Right to restriction of processing.
You can ask us to pause certain processing of your data, for example while we verify accuracy (GDPR Article 18).
5.	Right to data portability.
You can ask for the data you provided us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format (GDPR Article 20).
Practically, this can include exporting your workshop content.
6.	Right to object.
You can object to certain kinds of processing, especially if we’re relying on “legitimate interests” (GDPR Article 21).
7.	Right to complain.
You can lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you believe we’re mishandling your personal data. (For Denmark this is Datatilsynet.)
How to use these rights:
Email us at reachoutthueme@gmail.com and clearly describe which right you’re exercising. We’ll respond as required by GDPR (usually within one month, unless the request is unusually complex).
We may ask you to verify identity to protect accounts and participant data.
7. Children’s data
SessionFoundry is not designed for children under 16 to create facilitator accounts.
Workshop facilitators are responsible for how they invite participants. If you run a workshop with minors or collect personal information about minors, you are responsible for having the appropriate consent/authority to do so under local law.
If you believe we have collected personal data from a child without proper basis, contact us at reachoutthueme@gmail.com and we will review and, if appropriate, delete it.
8. Security
We take reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect data, including:
•	Authentication through Supabase (passwords are hashed; we never store raw passwords)
•	Role separation between “facilitator” and “participant”
•	Access controls limiting who can view certain session data
•	HTTPS/TLS in transit
•	Logged access to backend actions to help detect abuse
No online system is 100% secure, but we actively try to reduce risk and detect misuse early.
9. Data retention for exported reports
One of SessionFoundry’s core features is generating a summary/“deck” of all submissions, votes, and insights after a workshop.
That export can contain personal data (like participant display names and what they said). Once you download an export, you-as the facilitator-are responsible for storing/using/sharing that export in a GDPR-compliant way within your own organization.
If a participant later asks for their data to be removed, we can delete it from our live systems (subject to legal exceptions), but we cannot automatically pull it back from files you’ve already exported and stored elsewhere. This is normal under GDPR: your right to erasure applies to data we control, and does not force deletion of independently stored copies in every circumstance. 
10. Changes to this policy
We may update this Privacy Policy as we add features (for example: payments, organization workspaces, analytics dashboards). If we make material changes, we’ll update the “Last updated” date at the top and, where appropriate, notify account holders via email or in-app notice.
11. Contact
To ask questions or exercise your GDPR rights, contact us:
Email: reachoutthueme@gmail.com
If you are unsatisfied with our response, you can contact your local data protection authority. In Denmark, that is Datatilsynet (the Danish Data Protection Agency).


        {/* BEGIN PRIVACY TEXT */}
        <div>
          {/* Replace this placeholder with your policy text. */}
          Effective Date: 

          Provide the full policy text here. After you paste it, I can
          format it with clear section headings (e.g., Information We
          Collect, How We Use Information, Data Retention, Your Rights,
          Contact, etc.) and ensure it matches the site’s tone.
        </div>
        {/* END PRIVACY TEXT */}
      </article>
    </div>
  );
}

